in the shoe story lost a number of
ages the point of attention because of their
three medium presumption and the shoe
teacher retired on his part such
numerous warnings from the
disappearance of the shoe he reaches the
conclusion that the city ​​will arrive
where they live is like any city
with great social contrasts
economic, religious, political and other
where people take these
differences as normal and therefore
they become indifferent and insensitive
in situations like watching a child
low stratum barefoot and begging
or the inhabitants of the street as something
normal in social reality however
what happens when in a small city
as an Armenian an 18-year-old girl walks
without a shoe because it has not been passed
continually
in difference it feels greater some
curious people are interested in the
case and throwing a look seemingly
indirect from top to bottom by the
what announcements but normal is that a
girl with decent clothes or at least clean
before a shoe dirty asphalt
the excited cities feature
that draws the attention of some
people but one everyone's maybe with
the age factor that makes
people take a certain distance from what
what is happening and prefer to look
from the comfortable point of understanding
responsibilities or consequences that the
first with a certain level of
rationale prejudices and other elements
internalized by the passage of time
Can cause
social exclusion is not only a fact
of indifference and insensibility or of
a simplification in the problems
It also involves an individual issue of
góriz risks blind sick that leads to
people to marginalize or discriminate
so as not to disturb the comfort zone in
which fortunately have the pleasure of
money currently people do not
want to be part of the solution of
that is, they want to contribute for
solve it because it would clearly be
risk your communities for another the
story people warn the father
the lack of the shoe his son finish the
relationship that there is in such a warning
time because the next action if the the
the most important must take
responsible had to get the shoe
whereas if someone warns about
the absence of millions of shoes
poor children on the planet who will take
the next action
one of the real problems since
few are willing to get the
shoe in the moment or stability
what others need
would imply an extra cost in terms of
more time or effort color
then we prefer more to go noticing
the shortcomings of others but filling the
excess of ours taking the
problematic as something normal and leaving
everything as a matter of government state
while something less the truth
well attracting attention and impact us
the in thoughts